Add default templates for issues and PRs (#7)
ManageIQ/.github: ISSUE_TEMPLATE/01_bug_report.md

---
name: ":bug: Bug report"
about: Tell us about a problem you are experiencing
---

<!--
1. Describe the issue you are having and what you expected to happen.
-->

<!--

> 2. Describe the steps to reproduce, including any log snippets that will help diagnose.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Describe the steps to reproduce, including any log snippets and stack traces that will help diagnose.
```

-->

<!--
3. Describe your environment, including
   - Version

>    - Deployment environment (e.g. VMware appliance, EC2 appliance, Containers, etc)

Author: This part was interesting.  Since this is at the org level, this template will apply to everything (the ManageIQ appliancation, gems, build repos, docs, etc).  I wasn't sure how to present this for all of those, so I'm up for some help here.  The goal is short and sweet, so I don't want to put too much to be annoying.

Reviewer: Is there a magic variable for current repo that we could put context specific information?  For gems like kubeclient, optimist, linux_admin, etc. this template could be confusing.

Author: No it's just a straight text file.  It we want to override we have to create a file in the repo itself

Reviewer: Maybe a few of us can jump on a call, merge this, and see how it looks for several repos and add any overrides for repos where this template would be confusing, such as: kubeclient, optimist, linux_admin.

> 3. Describe your environment, including
>    - Version
>    - Deployment environment (e.g. VMware appliance, EC2 appliance, Containers, etc)

Author: ```suggestion
3. Describe your environment, including
   - Version
   - Environment
     - For ManageIQ: VMware appliance, EC2 appliance, Monolithic container, Kubernetes operator, etc
     - For gems: `gem env`, `bundle env`, `ruby -v`, etc
```
